After our lesson on the environment, I'm worried about the future.
Pollution is our great enemy and we have to fight it.
If the rivers are polluted, farmers can't use the water for their crops.
And in some places, pollution from factories spread so the cities and villages.
It makes people ill and may even kill them.
Pollution is a danger to our health.
And there are so many cars on the roads.
They use so much oil and cause pollution as well.
But we're only students.
We can't do anything about factories and cars.
It's no use talking about things we can't do.
We've got to think of things we can do.
Such as?
Do you think we can make our school a green school?
What's a green school?
At a green school, every class collects waste, which can be recycled or used again.
Then the school sells the waste and uses the money to help students in poor areas.
Nice idea!
Students at a green school also learn ways to save energy and recycle at home.
That means less waste.
That's a good idea.
Though pollution is heavy now, I don't think it's hopeless.
If everyone starts to do something, the world will be saved.